what is going on Gustav on swag negate
her concern the video today we are going
to be showcasing the lifeboat infinity
spiral server that was recently hacked
um so it's not in the best state so
please don't you know think bad about it
it's really good once it's properly
working so basically to join open up
MCPE edit external you can name whatever
you would like that just will be
infinity I and fi in ity dot lbs G lipo
survival games dotnet and the port is
1913 to so you know it's the first one
up there labeled iron a period and if I
click on it it will join me clipped
connect me to the server um so like I
said earlier it was hacked it's not in
the best state right now so I won't but
I really traversal of recording because
it's pretty laggy on it's very leggy
anyway and with a lot of water and spawn
and stuff so um basically you if it's
your first time joining you'll spawn
another I don't know if it's the thing I
don't wanna say anything but before you
spawned before it was hacked you would
spawn the leather armor and sold school
stone tools until you died or you put
them in a chest or something and once
you that once you die get to go back and
get whatever you need sorry so basically
spawn has destroyed it life but was
hacked and you know you're saying water
I'm saying water it's not really a good
representation of how the service is so
don't use this with your judgment it's
playable kinda but not really so I'm
just going to talk about it while I sit
here basically um with this you can I'll
it's an infinite world so you can just
walk as far as you want
you know there it's PC ported so
basically that's saying you have caves
you have like ravines and I haven't seen
a mine shaft but I've seen like
different bodies I've seen a birch
forest by just different something that
there isn't a masive biome there isn't a
ice bugs by oh it's you know kind of the
blocks that we have and politician at
the moment they're biomes and step and
basically it since you walked the
world's edge and it will you know for
another it will form another chunk
around it I guess ahead of you direction
that you're facing and you just keep
walking and if you walk like 110 macomb
chunks away from spawn that'd be really
long walk let's excuse me that's a
really long walk back to spawn so what
you can do is you can type / set home
and not all set that area that you're in
your own and then you can go to spawn or
do whatever you need to achieve do your
friends but you can always go back to
your home with / home so that's a neat
feature to avoid walking a pretty common
feature but still very needed because it
is block so we can't spread anything so
um yeah I'm sorry I can't really do
anything about showing you guys the
infinity servers but it's very
unfortunate but it's just pretty
unplayable for me right now but I did
want to mention thank you guys for all
the support on my other video I'm going
to pull it up now it's got a lot of
tension it's been up for about a month
now um it has 282 buttes and
and 6likes one just liked um I
appreciate it guys I don't have a lot of
subscribers at the moment but uh you
know just the fact that I'm getting
attention or my video this is you know
amazing but than that I want to thank
you guys for watching this video if you
enjoyed the video I likely to be much
appreciated subscribe for more content
share this video with your friends just
so they can know it's pretty easy to
join I will try to keep you guys up to
date so just call me on twitter I'll try
to keep you guys up to date with um the
server and how's it going how's it going
you can always fall follow William on
Twitter he's very uh it's his servers I
mean he's the one fixing or anything but
a nut thanks so much for watching and I
will see you guys in the next video